>> Sarah Drasner: Here's the last thing
that we're gonna cover which is svgOrigin.
svgOrigin is super cool
because look at this,
I've got this cow jumping over the moon.
I'm gonna throw it and
he scares the little guy, right.
My friends were making fun of me because
they could do this better than I could.
So cow scares the little astronaut,
and, of course, it's SVG so
it works well on mobile too, and
also that's draggable, so
it's draggable and then it's 360.
So I wanted the cow to jump over
the moon and rotate around the moon.
There didn't used to be SVG Origin
in GreenSock, but now there is.
Now, SVG Origin,
you can pick out two points
inside the SVG and
have everything rotate around that.
So really, transform origin wouldn't
allow me to do that, right,
because SVG, I'm rotating around another
piece of the SVG somewhere else.
So you can pick any
point inside the SVG and
have things go around that thing,
it's super cool.
Whoops.
So instead of they don't have the x, y.
So for the view box, it would be x,
y, width and height.
They don't have those points.
They just find the point like x and y and
we're gonna rotate everything
around that point.
So I found the midpoint of the moon and
it's rotating around that.
>> Sarah Drasner: So if they didn't, man,
the transform origin issues in
those embeds is really crazy.
So if that didn't exist, how was I
trying to do it before it existed?
Well, I thought I would make this
long pole and take the cow and
put it in a group with the long pole,
and then make the fill
transparent of that pole and
then I would around this way.
But it was constantly firing.
It was just like I did like a test like
a hit test between these two things and
was like, well,
when they hit do this other thing, but
it was like constantly firing and
I'm like, there's a bug in GreenSock.
No, there's not a big bug in GreenSock,
what it thinks is happening and
the reason why it's constantly firing,
is that there is no diagonals in the DOM.
So this is the group,
this is what the DOM sees.
And that's the little head that
it is trying to check against.
So it is almost constantly
over that head really.
I'm thinking of it like this thing.
What's going on?
And then it wasn't until I put
a border around the whole thing.
Go, okay that's what it's seeing.
So that's what the DOM sees for
that piece.
And here's the problem with hit tests for
SVG I kind of touched on this before but
I didn't fully explain it with visuals.
If I check the bounding box stroke of all
of these shapes while they're turning
that's what we get.
So all of these things
are moving even the circle.
Look at how weird that is.
What?
What is going on?
That is so bizarre.
But that diagonal is really
the thing that like, caught me.
So, you can see if you have that
hit test and you have two stars,
and you're trying to see
if they hit each other,
they'll hit each other way before it
visually looks like they hit each other.
So that's why that overlap thing,
that overlap threshold
becomes really important.
So if you do decide to make a game, which
you should, then you can kind of check.
There's probably no better way
to really understand the DOM and
everything inside of it than
making a game in the browser.
It might seem like a funny task, but
you have to dive into all of the kind
of what the DOM sees and everything.
So definitely play can be
a really cool way of learning.